Zhu Yuanlong, what did you say?
I'm telling the truth.
How could I possibly like this cripple?
I got very close to him.
That's because his mother is rich
Zhu Yuanlong, you bastard
fake
I really have nothing to do with me
So you can go up if you want.
I don't have any
Zhou Yuanlong, you bastard
It's better to be an animal than to break a leg
What are you doing?
Uh-huh.
If it weren't for your young age
I'm going to make you a hundred thousand times worse than a broken leg today
People, come on
Come on people
Humph
Humph, kill him for me
A bunch of rice buckets for Lao Tzu to roll
What are you doing?
Discuss with me no
No.
Ah!
Uh-huh.
You, you, what do you want?
My dad is the president of the White Tiger Club
Just my two brothers
They are the young masters of Qinglong and Xuanwu Association respectively
Try moving us.
They are all young masters
That's right, the president of the Blue Dragon Society is my father
I warn you.
You take your feet off
Otherwise, will my Xuanwu let you go?
Whoever you are
But if you bully my daughter, you will die